I hope through taking this course,
you've come to see that JavaScript can be
a beautiful and
expressive programming language.
And yes, some parts,
when you first see them, feel weird.
But I hope you're learning
to love the weird parts.
Because they're a part of styles and
approaches to programming
that you can do in JavaScript that you
can't do in other programming languages.
So I hope you continue your
JavaScript education and
enjoy programming in this
interesting language.
And stay tuned to this course.
On occasion, we'll announce bonus lectures
that you'll be able to come back and see.
Other information more
information on JavaScript in ES6.
But meanwhile I wish you the absolute
best in your programming efforts,
and I hope this course was helpful to you.
So I just want to say thank you for taking
JavaScript Understanding the Weird Parts.
Keep up with me on Twitter.
At twitter.com/anthonypalicea.
Hope to see you online.
Happy coding.